# Myside

Company:Myside
YearConstitution:2014 / 2015
Project location:London / UK
Sector of activity:Internet / social network
Type:Public Limited
Address: 13 the Crescent Harlington UB3 Middx 5NA
Staff:20 +
Description (one line):A new concept in personal sales and leisure activities in which seller obtains in come of your product.



DESCRIPTION OF COMPANY. 

Myside is a new concept of social network not only is based in the circulation of information characteristic of social networks if not that also offers the opportunity to create your own online store, the user may access by computer to review your profile, or endorse products that open obtained with the permission of portals of e-commerce which will be distributed the benefit.

1. What is the mission of the company? What are the products or services for sale?

Our users need a place in which to feel safe and that you can trust when it comes to be able to sell and buy products, both second hand and other users added as them in a simple and easy way.

WHAT ARE THE NEEDS OF OUR USERS?
Our users need a place to feel safe and where they can trust when to buy and sell second hand products as much as other users aggregates like them in an easy and simple way.

WHAT IS THE BEST SOLUTION?
The best solution will be to create a website (social network) in which the user can access by computer to view their profile, or acceding products open obtained permission portals E-commerce which will divide the benefit. When publishing the product by the user's mobile application is the most important and which focus more attention on its design to make the experience as simple as possible. (our potential appear on the mobile application.)


Uptake of an all types of audiences.

Differentiation: 
Products which can be added will be distributed in the following folders

(you can add more with the passage of time and the needs of users of hanging  from: ) 

Starting point: 

•        If it is a person who sells from home.
•       A self-employed with a business and want to sell some of their products with us.
•         A company that wants to pitch your tent on our social network... etc.

It was created to help people sell easily, have fun at the same time earn money, rating and score give new products or new businesses. If we work together I am sure that in a few years we will not have rivals but the countdown has begun and must be put to work until the competition better. Are you ready?


SWOT ANALYSIS
 
Weakness:Little experience in Asian markets.
Young company.
Strengths: Innovative component.
Rapid acceptance.
Novelty.
The satisfaction of the customer.
Team in creation phase and consolidated
Threats: Model easily replicable.
Reduced time leisure customers.
Emergence of alternative social networks
Opportunities: Global markets.
Search for alternative social networks by customers.
It helps in easy obtaining money thanks to the sale of the product by the seller through our social network.


PERSONAL.

The Opportunity 
I have recently bought a domain that relates to the recruitment and selection industry, the website hopes to offer a service slightly different to the one available currently. Slight barrier is that I am a business student and have little knowledge about websites. If you are a freelance web developer considering being part of a web based business than this may be a great partnership.

Who am I looking for?
If you already have a successful business with the web developing sector then this venture may not be suited to you. The project will have a high return on your time dedicated.

All I ask of you is that you share the same passion and thought when creating the website. You must also be reliable, sense of humor and the ability to communicate easily with people. Be prepared to work for a period of time without any financial return just like myself. Being based around the West Midlands would be desirable for communication purposes. 

About me
I have great knowledge in digital, web, service and global marketing. I am great to get on with and can create ideas on the spot. I have great strategies in mind to get a number of jobs your way. I have entrepreneurial charisma and I’m always looking to do something new. To be honest I am a really hard worker and have great deal of common sense two thing needed within a business. I have recently pitched this idea to some dragons at my university and have secured some initial funding to get started.

Finally the summary
If you think this is the project for you and have the similar passion I have to this idea and think it will be beneficial to your portfolio and skills in the future, please mail me.

Look forward to hearing from you.
P.SI do understand that I shouldn’t really be looking for the best web developer for a start up idea 


12. What do you mean by innovation / entrepreneurship? Are you an innovator / entrepreneur, why?
For me innovation is always a venture, I cannot separate these words as I feel that every entrepreneur who has an idea, is based on innovation, the result will be the answer to affirm whether it was wrong or right as they are risks that must be assume.
Not that I know the difference between them is as separate them, but in my person this is the idea that I have.
As I said before I cannot separate, but if I rely specifically on the document in deciding an "innovative" serious side since my idea is to improve a particular style of customers or idea for ease of use.

I come here as a means to make my project I have no reason, I am sure that those who want to participate will know grasp the idea that I offer.



